you know you've said this thing and
you've seriously challenged my
perspectives as well as many others on
pets as well as other things of the
idiocy that veganism can come to like
the fact of like I I was imagining in my
mind that veganism is this utopia where
everything's perfect we're not insects
are harmed and everything's wonderful
but an ideology can become idiocy very
quickly and you have really put out
content that seriously humbled me as a
vegan in that I am extremely um happy to
have come across your channel on your
content hey guys what's up this is a
somewhat unusual disclaimer at the start
of an edited podcast in addition to the
videos that I upload to YouTube you may
or may not know that I also record
podcasts and upload them to patreon the
vast majority of my podcasts are
exclusive their patreon only so people
who pay one dollar per month get to hear
them some of my podcast I record alone I
recorded several actually while I was in
airports because I've been traveling
around the world lately and some of them
are record like this one in conversation
with other people this conversation is
unusual in a number of ways first and
foremost although i do encourage
criticism contrary with some you may
think and i do enjoy responding to
criticism i only like responding to
criticism that meets a certain standard
that rises to a certain caliber or a
level i do not think anyone on the
internet should let their website or
youtube channel come to be dominated by
responses to the most vocal ten percent
of people on the internet nor to the
stupidest ten percent of people on the
internet and very often it's the most
vocal and most stupid ten percent of
people who dominate public discussion
forums right so i try to respond to the
most intelligent ten percent or fifty
percent of my audience and what they
sent to me and i do i get intelligent
highly intelligent email and comments
all the time that I'd love to record
videos in response to so you know
remember one of the reasons why don't
respond to what I consider garbage
content is because there's better
quality content out there for me to
respond to just the other day I uploaded
a video very substantive talking about
wildlife management habitat conservation
and the implications of these concepts
for for vegan activism for vegan
political philosophy so that to me is
the type of really substantive content I
want to respond to and I want to expand
on and off my own thoughts on and I'm
not really interested in responding to
he [ __ ] he said she said drama etc
although i do get dragged into it and
this podcast you're about here not only
contains the heat he said she said type
of drama you know as nonsense between
myself and vague an that i hope nobody's
going to remember five years from now
because it's it's meaningless and it's
petty and it's crude but also i respond
to you're gonna hear it just in the
first few minutes as this is edited
you're going to hear references to
people who believe and propound really
crazy conspiracy theories about me some
of you may not realize this at all but
there are channels in the internet there
are people on the internet who claim
that i'm secretly working for the CIA
who claim that i'm secretly working for
the meat industry who claim that i am
trying to destroy veganism from within
and they're not joking whether it's out
of stupidity or malice those are their
real thoughts their real opinions so
again if this may sound too you
ridiculous because i don't want to spawn
to the most vocal and most stupid ten
percent of people in internet but no to
me will be ridiculous for my channel to
be bogged down with me coming on camera
and responding to people making those
accusations that i'm secretly working
for the CIA that i'm secretly working
for monsanto that i'm trying to destroy
veganism so that's the for the first
time ever my youtube channel that is
mentioned here because Conrad has
emotional attachments to some of those
people he knows some of them as human
beings you know person to person or face
to face we want to say who actually say
those things about me so when i'm saying
the Conrad it may sound absolutely I say
to him look karma you're a smart guy how
is it that you can take the lies these
people say about me and treat them as
credible when you know they're not
credible sources information if you
don't know that context you know you
might think i'm talking about
trivialities but no the a lot of these
are really
kind of ridiculous over-the-top
conspiracy theories and people who very
actively defend me or just just invent
stories about me infant fiction of me so
when I asked at one point asked look
even if some of these lies are harmless
if we don't challenge them when is it
going to stop right how is going to stop
if if this so-called movement this
nascent Nathan social movement of
veganism is really burdened with this
this kind of accusation and
counter-accusations it's got a myth
making then obviously I'm not just
concerned for my own situation within
the movement I'm concerned for whether
or not the movement have a future at all
okay so that is a significant disclaimer
for many of you this is simply a podcast
you should not listen to many of you
come here from my most substantive
content now this conversation I think
actually does have some very substantive
content scattered within it I think we
do genuinely talk about some
philosophical and political issues
within veganism that are a real interest
including the question of how to really
organize activism and one of the late
motifs one of the themes that comes up
again and again is the nature of
friendship itself and the difference
between simply trying to make friends on
the internet and the pursuit of Fame on
the internet and the difference to try
to make friends people who are really
your friends people you can trust and
other ideas of organization other ideas
of trying to I don't know instigate a
political activism or or try to inspire
people to get involved with building a
community with them with organizing your
political activism so that contrast and
questions surrounding the nature of
friendship and then how it is that
indeed on the internet sometimes
privately sometimes publicly I end up
saying that people are not my friends
recently a couple people were I had
private conversations they took the step
to make that into a public conflagration
and whatever I mean I gotta deal with
consequences um but as you guys know in
the one hand I do not have my heart
broken and the other hand I think it's
worth it whether you end up with 5 10 or
50 real friends real people you can
trust that is something tremendously
precious that's a real reward
you get from doing digital activism and
you know I'm not going to lie to you
when i left cambodia by contrast I
really had nobody and I had nothing and
I thought I'm not doing this again I'm
not going to move to another country
start a new home you know start a new
life from a blank sheet of paper and
then leave with nothing for me one of
the most fundamental reasons to try to
make to create contacts but to have
colleagues over the Internet is because
I want to have people I can work with
people I can cooperate with in pursuit
of social change in this case veganism
ecology animal rights etc I want to have
those colleagues travel with me and they
do the friends I've made now on the
internet still know me even though I
just relocated from Canada to China and
basically the friends I had in Canada
the face of whether they're gone the
same way that when I left Cambodia I
lost the front sight of Cambodia when I
when I left China on previous trips when
i left laos in general i lost the the
friends I've made with my feet on the
ground so for me indeed a signet I
reiterated again again what I'm really
doing here on YouTube is not activism
even though it is often about activism
we often talk about activism though
we're doing here on camera is not
activism but a significant part of what
I'm doing really is making friends
alright that's enough of a preamble a
tittle of it here you go my conversation
with Conrad achill vegan coming back to
this this question of dividing the
community for you as a gay man i'm sorry
i'm presuming you're you're gay man what
if so what if someone said you you know
what this gay rights thing there's no
point doing what we're doing we need to
work within the Catholic Church to make
the Catholic Church pro-gay rights you
would have to make a decision maybe
maybe you think that's great idea but
for me if I were gay i'm not but i can
get zip ties okay look either i'm going
to spend the next 10 years of my life
working inside an organization that
openly hates me or I say [ __ ] that i'm
going to join some other religion or
some other or just not just leave the
catholic church should have nothing
point is here with veganism it's not
dividing the community
each of us there were a lot of kind of
crappy vegan organizations or crappy
ecologic organizations where we have to
make that decision a case-by-case basis
do I want to spend the next five years
of my life inside People for the Ethical
Treatment of Animals some people do some
people are happy with that do you all
want to spend the next five years my
life inside an organization that eats
meat that's like a you know nature
conservation group but there may be they
are pro hunting and even within veganism
so like direct action everywhere I think
it's kind of lame individually we have
to make a decision do I think this is
[ __ ] to the point where I want to
leave like the Catholic Church or do I
want to work inside or what so to me
that's not dividing the community that's
being honest about like hey life is
complicated [ __ ] up we're making these
kinds of decisions and lights isn't life
is long but it's not that long I don't
have ten years to [ __ ] around with the
Catholic Church and Venice yen as this
thing with durianrider happened he
quickly took durianrider side and then
would say that you single-handedly are
working to destroy the vegan movement
and I'm like what the [ __ ] is going on
if I was in your shoes if I was in your
shoes and I was threatened and I had a
swarm of YouTube people that are making
video saying that I'm like the evil of
the YouTube community and that I need to
be dealt with I would try to police
every channel that talk negative about
me trying to find who is on my side and
who wasn't that's what I would do
because I would be concerned for my
safety and the safety of my family I'm
at his chin you know you've said this
thing and you've seriously challenged my
perspectives as well as many others on
pets as well as other things of the
idiocy that veganism can come to like
the fact of like I I was imagining in my
mind that veganism is this utopia where
everything's perfect we're not insects
are harmed and everything's wonderful
but an ideology can become idiocy very
quickly and you have really put out
content that seriously humbled me as a
vegan in that I am extremely happy to
have come across your channel on your
content the thing that I have
experienced is when you were talking
about pet ownership in the double-edged
sword that it presents with him vegan
so I saw one of your written comments on
that right yeah yeah motional attachment
and you were absolutely right in this
but when we talk about solutions it's a
very gray area because we're kind of
damned if we do and damned if we don't
and I think that vegan for good he took
it under your assumption that we should
just send them out into the wild yeah
and some of these symbols have been you
Jenna sized to not be able to survive in
the wild yeah so what it's a very
difficult situation well he look I mean
you know this isn't really about the pet
ownership issue but you're correct that
many people including him hate me
because the pet ownership issue but he
he had no real interest in understanding
what my argument was and this this
happens in politics all the time like
when you look at the Republican Party
versus the Democrat Party he was very
intentionally misunderstanding what I
had to say and portraying what I had to
say in an extreme way and in at least
one video lying about what I had to say
and again his emotions are involved and
I don't you know I'm not angry about it
but that is what goes on so you know
again the mainstream politics you see
that all the time where you know the
Republican Party pretends to
misunderstand the Democrat party's
proposal on health care and the actual
proposal is incredibly boring but they
make it thick you know traumatic I'm
happy to have any of these kind of
substantive discussions but I mean
obviously it's frustrating when people
are kind of just making things up that
are not true and like already there you
had kind of two examples so one is
somebody saying that I support like all
of these animals just living in the
streets like animals are currently pets
becoming uh uh feral or living in
alleyways and now I've actually made
videos that do say explicitly no that's
not what I believe and I posted written
conference saying no CF what I actually
believe etcetera so that's one kind of
misrepresentation and you know maybe
it's inevitable but the other is then so
I mean again so you know some of these
sources are not credible if a guy like
vegan for good is willing to lie about
what happened in Chiang Mai and makeup
kind of crazy conspiracy theories but
how I'm trying to destroy the vegan
community and he's not the only one
vegan revolution probably goes the
furthest we're vegan
evolution like actually thinks I'm
working for the CIA and he's actually
claimed that like I never lived in Laos
you know I can pass that lived in Laos
and Cambodia I complained but my channel
you know like where people are really
into the conspiracy mindset so my
question is a turnaround took I'll you
like my impression is you're a smart guy
is based on your youtube videos like
you've said intelligent things
interesting things but I don't know you
but it's like I look at a guy like you
and you're taking information from
channels like that that you know or not
trust her that you know they're not
reliable you know they have real malice
toward me so even if he's honest about
other things in his life this is
somebody who comes the internet and
tells lies about me because he openly
hates me and I've heard him say on
camera like I remember he said once I
was gonna say something positive about
about Lucy also to balance it and he
said but I just had to admit to myself
like I hate this guy and I can't do it
you know he was so emotional that he
couldn't he couldn't do more would you
get like it's keeping it real I don't
resent it it's I'm a man like you're
that you're that deep from the game but
look again so it's like so I don't I
just don't see how someone like you can
put together piece of information from
channels like that and then make your
own video like repeating that stuff as
if it's true it's like you know so I
know like the email I said she was not
that polite but it's like look this
stuff you're saying I think I say it's
it's not true and it's also not well
informed you're treating people as
credible sources that are overtly not
credible so that that was what I had to
say to you that was really the core of
it my point is like that kind of thing
where it's really false that's where
like I feel like you know I wish you
delete the video or record a new video
or post this conversation sighs just
like what you know where does it stop if
we really are inventing you know myths
and fables like this then within
veganism the internet now I mean it even
then like I recognize this particular
lie is not really dangerous but you know
I just say where where does it stop I
such a small and all I've never
experienced any threats against me or
any so this is a pita Mike isn't worse
you seriously got a ton death Betsy and
I can imagine there's a tendency that
when you get threatened to be able to
just think that everyone is out to get
you
I'm not like that I'm talking but
comrade I'm talking you know you made a
video which I have every right to be
offended by I mean I know I know you
didn't mean it badly but you say [ __ ]
about my divorce and my wife and say
[ __ ] about my relationship with an which
is just not true again you don't know
like you don't know anything of the
situation the Anam which again I'm not
mad at you but I could be you know but
the point is i still have an open heart
now might I still reach out to the
vegans I still cooperate with them even
though durianrider threatened to beat me
up etc so me know that that's part of it
but look look the point is look at the
first thing I said was some of these
allegations the nature of them is not
credible even when you only hear one
side of the story I think the main the
main example I used as she Tobias lien
art who's not that famous but he's
another vegan on YouTube just mention
but it's a like when I criticize Tobias
leaner there's also true when I
criticize freely or many other examples
I actually summarize what he's saying
accurately I don't lie about his
arguments and then criticize the lies
I've told you I obviously I do think
there's a difference between criticism
and defamation I supported his argument
if not releasing pets into the wild if
they're not able to survive like I
supported that perspective however as
this thing with durianrider happened he
quickly took during writers side and
then would say that you single-handedly
are working to destroy the vegan
movement and I'm like what the [ __ ] is
going on here's this person that I liked
so much and they're saying [ __ ] like
this and I'm like I'm see people respond
to videos like the white pride did
response videos to people they're saying
oh we should do it in a different way
like conspiring and prodding I'm like
what the [ __ ] is going on you you
amongst many others have presented a
critique to veganism to kind of hold us
accountable you know personally at this
point with all this drama that's going
on on youtube I don't think that it's
vegans that are going to make the world
grow I think it's it's a non vegans
because you know we're seeing rights for
elephants happen or rights for orcas
that's not just being done by vegans
those are being done by the general
public that's right one species more
than another we see suffrage happened in
different ripen
alishan gay rights happen in a different
time certain classes are going to
receive rights at different rates than
others so I think veganism is going to
be this wave of cascades have escalated
some animals rights over others for a
while right look I'll so anyway that's
obviously an interesting points you made
although it's not not the central to the
discussion right now but yeah that that
is a very interesting point and at the
issue for instance one of your biggest
followers especially someone that has a
lot of followers now who vegan cheetah
prints example I wanted to know what his
perspective of the difference between
your philosophy and his perspective and
the old thing he said is different
between you and him is that you want
community and he doesn't give a [ __ ]
about it and you know that and even the
light twins like they they did a really
wonderful talk with you and they're like
oh eyes are like won't you like work and
like make it a community where we can
all interact with one another I think
that we we have this longing to have
this open form of communication to be
able to talk about our societal
differences but I think that that you
have a lot of expectations on you from
people like the light winds and vegan
cheetah and even I have kind of been
like oh I feel so smart like he he'll be
able to do all these things mama and
it's an effort on all of us to be able
to do this and the thing is like if I
was in your shoes if I was in your shoes
and I was threatened and I had a swarm
of YouTube people that are making video
saying that I'm like the evil of the
YouTube community and that I need to be
dealt with I would try to police every
channel the top- about me trying to find
who is on my side and who wasn't that's
what I would do because I would be
concerned for my safety and the safety
of my family during writer created this
environment where any one that talked
about cook food or anything else wasn't
included and it became a cesspool of
poison and became a fascist network I do
not want something like this to happen
again absolute so look the first to the
first day
was that that's really intelligent and
I'd encourage you to make a video
talking about or reflecting on those
those things you just said I think
that's better got up but like the second
thing I'd say is sympathy can be
misleading what you said is sympathetic
you said this is the core sympathy said
if I were in your position this is how I
would feel this is what I do like I am a
very unusual guy these people docs to be
these people insulted my mom you know
these pills every my mom into it some of
them bring my daughter and my ex-wife
into it accused me being a wife beater
and the weird thing is I really am the
one person two million who is not upset
by that and the other people like other
people have written me other people who
durianrider denounced in the past they
wrote to me talk to me about how they
went into a clinical depression they
just their whole life collapsed and you
know they they couldn't stand up from
selves or fight back because they were
just so emotionally crushed I don't know
Johanna Chloe I talked to her at the
beginning of her thing with during
writer and now she doesn't talk to
anybody she may or may not have mean she
publicly just says she's not talking
anyone cuz she's so upset I assume
that's true but you know it's easy to
imagine either so that that she's just
so upset or depressed so there are
people collapse the weird thing is and I
have reflected a little bit about this
on my channel I am actually the one
person who's not like that when I was
saying the durianrider that I didn't
care if I went to thai prison like for a
couple of months ago I actually don't
care when I said like I actually don't
care if I live or die I actually am at
that point I totally understand that but
you have to admit that because they're
dragging your family into it it becomes
even more personal because it's not
about your safety but it's about there's
the thing is like during orders even
making anti-semitic remarks on videos
that they think is your mom it's it's
cascading into a [ __ ] mess and I'm
just like I think that YouTube is an
animal that is one ounce ounce of
narcissism because we exalt ourselves on
our channel and we get all the kudos or
whatnot and then veganism we have this
this this moral superiority that somehow
we're more morally here because we care
about the animals and no one [ __ ]
doesn't like so it's I think it's a mess
because of both of those couple together
that's just a theory
you know beyond that the other side of
me which is maybe unusual I often say to
my friends you know that I'm a very kind
of Bronze Age person I really believe in
honor and dignity like you've heard me
use words aunt like honor and dignity on
my youtube channel which most people use
don't use and so like when you look at
the situation with me and vague and this
is typical I say this is typical of me
as a character in the way I am with all
my friends it's like look and you and I
had an agreement like we like we did we
talked for more than an hour on on skype
we talked about exactly the [ __ ] she did
we talked about like it because in the
past prior to that skype conversation
she had been on channels like Joe best
and others like approving of videos that
denounced me like some of the whole
video the video is titled like izel
Mozart is a [ __ ] oh I then like she
had the comment like wow interesting I
really liked your perspective or some
[ __ ] like you know just approving the
video and like you know obviously I can
laugh about it but it's like an like
what i'm doing here is making real
friends in real life like this is about
actual friendship and actual trust and
i'm not like many other people youtube
is sort of about fame or but like a
celebrity type relationship something
but like my relationships these people
including including like vegan gains
vegan gains very famous but including
vegan cheetah you can see when i was on
is you now I talked to vegan cheetah the
way I talked to a friend I know in real
life like period and i just mentioned
like i have a podcast then we recorded
right after his mom died where we talked
about the death and then you're the only
one that stuck by him made that video
it's just like so he goes to rehab he
loses his [ __ ] mom and no one gives
[ __ ] and then right when he comes out
right when it comes out of rehab he
loses a hair product and that was just
out animals you're not even [ __ ]
vegan vegan cheetah and then right after
that then comes out the gary ross is an
[ __ ] and all these like just holding
all these other vegan youtubers
accountable which is something that
needed to be done for a while because we
need that that growth to grow look my
point is actually not that i'm a nice
guy as always i'm not arguing that i'm a
nice guy because I have the relation
with cheetah my
point was to say like with people like
an and also ally tabrizi a lot of people
freaked out that I dared to criticize le
Tabrizi it's not even a criticism like I
haven't criticized I degrees I've said
Ali tabrizi was my friend to me that was
a human personal friendship and it's
over now and I'm sad about that like
that that's like I just say that's not
really a criticism it's not like hey I
disagree with your view one on
vivisection pet ownership it's not
intellectual it's not political it's not
it's just hey you know what this guy was
my friend and he did the wrong thing
when it mattered and now I think we're
never gonna speak again and that's sad
for me right now like vagin was never my
close friend but we did we had this
hour-long Skype conversation but at the
same time you're going to someone's
channel like Joe best we can just stick
with your best as one example but it's
not them you're going to channels that
hate me and really tell lies about me
and like we were just talking about like
with vegan for good channels that are
not credible that are really making up
lies and you're agreeing with them at
the same time that to my face you're
telling me something else so again that
to me in terms of friendship it's not
political I would have never made a
public issue of it in terms of
friendship what I have to say to her as
we're done I never want to talk to you
and that was not on my youtube channel
that was not in my patron that was not
even on my facebook I made no public
statement about that I said to an
privately and again in this case it's
not out of the blue on the in the Skype
conversation we talked about exactly
this issue about exactly her going these
channels and approving me and a couple
of other issues where was like look and
like if you don't understand the
friction between us this is the friction
it's just the end of a personal
friendship for me and now you see what
she did she turns around first
opportunity she's being a fan more about
it and she's approaching me saying oh
well why couldn't we have just talked
about the problem I could say that's you
and you never talked to me about the
problem you did all this [ __ ] publicly
at every stage so you know
I was trying on the video to say hey I
know you're going through a lot I
support you with the [ __ ] [ __ ] a
during right or did I [ __ ] put my
neck out on the line locally from a
[ __ ] gang Posse here locally say no I
don't agree assaulting someone's ok yeah
we used to be friends but I don't agree
with that I took a stand like look I
totally understand I chose you and
that's why that's the sense in which
you're different from Joe best but the
sense of what you're the same as Joe
best is in that video you're repeating
things other people said about me that
are actually not true and you don't
realize that but that's why I'm writing
to you and saying you look like like you
know just just to stay with same example
like to say that I tried to shut down
somebody else's channel to say that I'm
censoring people I totally understand
why you're saying that because other
people have said it but that's like Joe
best he made videos about me that from a
legal perspective did defame me because
Joe best basically heard things that
durianrider said and a couple of other
people close to Jerry minor and she
treated those things as true and then he
came on camera and he he basically
repeated those things and expanded on
them and speculate about them so like
Jabba again Joe best is not as bad as
during writer but I had to write to your
bestest a look Joe like and at one point
during writer had already admitted those
things were [ __ ] was like Joe this
is defamation like you're actually
saying like I contacted underage girls
in Chiang Mai which is not true and
never was true and even if like cojo
like his style he acts as if it's
reasonable oh well you know let's just
think about it I mean you know like his
style is not angry but it's like dude I
don't care if you're calm or angry what
you're saying about me is you know six
like fifth right so that's all it says I
think for you even you can get stuck in
that trap where you're treating sources
that are not credible it's credible
you're not asking me and you could you
can't get in touch with me and I think
in your case you also weren't pausing to
think well there must be another side to
this story like even with the YouTube
blocking the one video I didn't block 10
videos as one so obviously one video
legally did something wrong so that's
all I'm saying this stuff like that way
you can put the pieces together
I want to come back tonight city road
sign you said earlier was also true you
said people had expectations on me and
people wanted me to build some kind of a
community or network well however they
imagine they measure different but like
the contrast that is for me I am just
trying to make real friends like no no
community like it's that simple and I
remember like James James for example he
had like an epiphany about that one day
like he had already known me for a
couple of months and he said you know
what today is the first day that I
figured out that you're actually trying
to be my friend and he said the reason
that was so hard from to understand is
that every other person he talked to on
YouTube that was not what they were
trying to do they were either trying to
you know start a channel or do something
related to fame or promotion or some
kind of more political thing and like
when I talked to Jake from day one
Jake's much younger than I forgot he's
21 or something but it's like I just
talked to him the same way I talk to
someone I met in a cafe and then I get
to know you better and I'm starting to
look right and that's it where there's
there's really nothing else going on I
think you should probably address that
your intention is to just find close
friends that end up working with you
that's how it is because the perception
of vegan cheetah and light winds is that
you're somehow like making this like
this community that's going to just help
to bring more diversity into the vegan
movement yeah well look I mean it's
possible like within my patreon I've got
more than 200 members but really only 50
members are active because some people
just pay you money and don't come around
like they just support you they want to
show that they support you it's only one
dollar so he likes that big a deal but
uh i mean if if that was what i was
trying to do then I would be failing
which is fine i mean you know i am
interested in meeting as many
like-minded people and people cooperate
with as possible but something I talked
about my channel a relatively long time
ago you know I'm also really about like
in real life I'm about real activism
real project even though currently in
China I can't do anything like that so
you know the light twins are Canadian
citizens they live like 3,000 kilometers
away from where i live canada's a huge
country like you know even vegan gains
whatever like so yeah it is about real
friendship it is about real cooperation
is but real activism it's also about the
long term and
again I'm not trying to convince you
that I'm a nice guy I said earlier like
I'm a bit of a Bronze Age character like
to me I look at someone like vague an so
the one hand there's friendship on the
other hand there's like okay this saving
the planet thing is this someone i can
actually cooperate with to do something
in terms of politics activism ecology
and in vegas case the answer is really
know right like you know she's not going
to be that person off with other people
the ant the answer is yes and my sense
of honor and dignity which may be
[ __ ] and it certainly it's out of
fashion in 2016 it's very medieval is
like you know look man you know when it
counts uh you know do you do you live up
to this this notion i have a boat owner
dig like someone else writing to be
talked about loyalty i actually don't
use the word loyalty I don't expect
someone like an to be loyal to me I
don't but you know if there's a conflict
like this you know again if you actually
believe the [ __ ] yo best is saying why
didn't you ask me either personally or
in patron when you have because again
her saying she can't talk to me she had
ways to talk to me it should get touch
me in two seconds you know if any of
these like like about the money thing
this is not big hands as you but like
other people if you actually think I've
stolen the money why wouldn't you ask me
instead of denouncing me in public like
right when we have contact when you know
me you know what I mean so to me those
are more questions of you know honor and
dignity and and what have you because
again in many cases I think they don't
believe it it's just famewhore activity
it's just like hey if I make a video
saying izel stole the money I can get an
extra 200 views or 500 these are all
small numbers right as opposed to
actually talk to me reducing really
sincere
there is no good and evil like this this
topic on YouTube is not some [ __ ]
movie that's playing out in the cinema
this is real life so when you're saying
someone's evil and a single-handedly
taking down the movement someone is not
Darth Vader or some [ __ ] like evil
like supreme figure in some movie [ __ ]
this is real life [ __ ] and we this is
more about the interaction between one
another and that's why communication is
essential so when when I'm seeing videos
that like been taken down or I see that
there's not a correspondence and there's
a refusal to correspond it further
creates this mystique and detachment
from interaction and then people's minds
go haywire and they start filling in the
blanks of some crazy convoluted stories
right look I mean I'd say so that's why
he just comes into credible sources and
now at this point vague and also is not
a credible source she's just making [ __ ]
up about me about how I'm a narcissist
and whatever she's gone off the deep end
and again like look there's a difference
between people who disagree with me and
people where I think they're stupid or
otherwise or some was insane some people
are not stupid but they're they're
mentally unwell and I just never want to
talk to them again I don't want to
cooperate with them something I said the
other day to somebody was look it
doesn't matter like this weekend there
could be a thousand people who want to
talk to me on skype there could be a
hundred people or there could be just
ten people I still can't talk to all
them I still have to say no to a bun
even if it's only 10 people I'm gonna
say no to seven you cook mean so like
I'm not famous but maybe 2,000 people
really liked me on the internet like
5000 people watch me 2000 people really
care like I you know I made the time to
talk to you there are a bunch of other
people I'm saying no to and yes no no no
no it's cool but like I just say like
this is the reality is like so if people
ask what's the dark psychological motive
a Maya narcissism for saying look and
[ __ ] it i'm not doing this again that's
just a reality was I already did it with
her once I think less than a month ago
maybe it's maybe at six weeks but like
not that long though it's like an I took
the time we talked for more than an hour
we we set ground rules we addressed all
this [ __ ] from the past we thought we
had a good basis it's like
you don't get another two hours out of
me I'm done like okay and Nelly just a
couple weeks later it's the same [ __ ]
and you're freaking out again like I'm
sure an I could have gotten her on skype
again and calmed her down and talked her
through it me like look and here's what
you need to understand but no and the
and the truth is it may be a horrible
thing to say the reason for my making
that decision is that I think she's too
stupid to be worth my time and yes maybe
I'm a complete [ __ ] for saying that
but I said it to her privately I didn't
say to a single other human being not
even one other human being that I say am
was stupid too I said to her privately
and I'm not doing this you again and you
know I think you're too stupid to play
this game that's also not saying you're
completely stupid it's saying I'm
thinking too stupid to play the games
you are playing on youtube because she
is she was playing games which is
whatever so you know yes I again I'm not
I'm never claimed to be a nice guy but
the reality is meanwhile like
emotionally there's one person who's
gonna talk to me about on skype this
weekend and she is a vegan youtuber who
deleted her channel I don't nobody ever
threatened to kill her nobody threatened
to beat her up she did ahead but still
the emotional YouTube really [ __ ] her
up emotionally so that happened some
people even Jake Eames he he shut down
for a while you know he i think he's
making videos again I've seen a lot of
people get emotionally devastated by
this stuff and it is kind of funny i'm
in this tiny minority of people it even
when they bring my mom into it even when
they bring my daughter into it it
doesn't impact people show the way but i
am saying to people including an
including and said this directly and
including vegan for good i'm saying
people I need you to have intellectual
integrity because if I'm going to spend
my time in the internet debating the
stuff I want to debate things that have
real substance like you like you and I
think don't really disagree on any
issues but if you really disagreed with
me about the vivisection issue but it
was an intelligent disagreement that's
about the substance it's not accusing me
of working for the CIA it's not accusing
me of destroying the begin- inside it's
not making up [ __ ] whatever I I think
that's totally worthwhile I'd say great
let's have this debate but the problem
is so much of the stuff is this Fame
[ __ ] or fame or behavior where I can't
spend my time doing that
vegan ideology as much as it can help to
be a tool towards a better world that it
doesn't have all the answers right and I
think that a lot of people just want to
think that veganism is just this like
magic bullet it's like the Sorcerer's
Stone like it you it's everything you
can eat it like it'll cure every big
coming back to this this question of
dividing the community for you as a gay
man i'm sorry i'm presuming you're gay
man what if so what if someone said you
you know what this gay rights thing well
there's no point doing what we're doing
we need to work within the Catholic
Church to make the Catholic Church
pro-gay rights you would have to make a
decision maybe you think that's great
idea but for me if I were gay i'm not
but i can get zip ties okay look either
i'm going to spend the next 10 years of
my life working inside an organization
that openly hates me or I say [ __ ] that
I'm going to join some other religion or
some other or just not just leave the
Catholic Church should have nothing
that's a decision you have to make and
millions gay people three I have met gay
people who are still Catholic you know
it is what it is they something with the
decision right right but my point is
here with veganism it's not dividing the
community each of us there were a lot of
kind of crappy vegan organizations or
crappy ecological organizations where we
have to make that decision a
case-by-case basis do I want to spend
the next five years of my life inside
People for the Ethical Treatment animals
some people do some people are happy
with that do you all want to spend the
next five years my life inside an
organization that eats meat that's like
a you know nature conservation group but
there may be they are pro hunting and
even within veganism so direct action
everywhere I think it's kind of lame I
see it it's the summer I think it's kind
of [ __ ] but you individually we have
to make a decision do I think this is
[ __ ] to the point where I want to
leave like the Catholic Church or do I
want to work inside it or what so to me
that's not dividing the community that's
being honest about like hey life is
complicated [ __ ] up we're making these
kinds of decisions and life isn't life
is long but it's not that long I don't
have ten years to [ __ ] around with the
Catholic Church I don't think you do
either but you know what I mean I what
so that's the kind of that's the kind of
thinking world doing I've been thinking
about this too because when I grew up as
a Christian they're saying well
Christians can't go to bars they can't
do this they can't see these specific
movies and I was like so one we're
avoiding ourselves from these
experiences to be able to reach the
public to be able to talk to them to
we're avoiding ourselves from these
environments to be able to have these
conversations so it's the same of
veganism like we have to integrate the
complexity of the human experience and
also we have to challenge our quote
unquote morals of veganism and sometimes
go to the zoo and challenge the zoo
perspective to actually see it for what
it is to mourn it to feel it and to see
how people interact in those
environments because when we exclude
ourselves from those environments like
my brother brought me to sea world hey
like he drove dad and said oh we're
going to seaworld and I'm like I don't
want to go to sea world I'm vegan like
what do I do I was only there for a day
so I was like I'm guess i'll go into sea
world it's against my ethics to spend
time with my brother / suddenly have a
day to spend with him and I just wheat
at seeing these these orcas performing
in these dolphins in this like bathtub
but that was a really amazing experience
because it it's set in stone Mon stance
against sea world I was like no and I
saw the propaganda they use so it was a
good experience but it was it was a it
was a horrifying experience I recently I
was I went to the zoo in Thailand in
Chiang Mai and I just went to the zoo
again here in China and same route so
I've talked about this I think mostly
within my patreon actually not on not on
youtube in patreon I did podcast all
Yuma than that question of you know
would you yourself go to a zoo as a
vegan for me the answer is yes for these
kinds are basically for activists
reasons basically to be to have an
informed perspective but also like would
you take your own child to the zoo and
what's that like as a vegan whenever you
and I got responses from other vegans
who said yes I do take my son or
daughter to the zoo and we do talk about
it and like as a vegan in some ways I
think you're on better ground than the
other people do because you can say to
your son or daughter
everyone else here kills cows and pigs
on a daily basis for no reason and we
don't you know what I mean like we're
like we're special nonsense we care
enough that we don't do that and you
know these animals even though some of
them are suffering the to like some of
those animals are just obviously
miserable they're the best treated
animals in the world which it's like
it's surreal but like I was just at a
zoo in China and I can look at those
monkeys the monkeys in the cage and it's
it's pretty miserable for them they're
the best treated monkey they're the best
best treated animals in the nation of
China compared to the pigs the cows
compared to so many compared to house I
was Pat's compared to dogs these this is
the pampered elite and it's still
terrible it's still morally you know as
a vegan you still react to it this way
as a huge morale problem so yeah anyway
obviously there's so much there's so
much we agree about Conrad and this this
has been a great conversation I love
pink all right i'm not sure if you've
seen them in your time in china or
Thailand yeah I actually have a video a
video specifically mentioning pengkalan
maybe the horror of that begonia what
are the most near and dear creatures to
my heart but every time they go to
Thailand it's the most traffic zone for
pangolin in the world and not one route
so forth [ __ ] has talked about this it's
like when they're in vacation in
Thailand they like are oblivious to any
animal exploitation at all and it's like
these creatures are kinda conceited and
I love them and it's like well I'm the
one exception I have a video i have a
video of a Pangolin i have a video
describing how i saw pangolin being
killed and butchered by the side of the
road in Laos in the jungle so hiccup I
want my points Conrad I'm the one guy
vanished en